Alright, alright~
My children are all so cute!!
The more prepared you are, the better. It's a simple rule.
N-No, not at all.... It's not like I'm doing it for Sensei's sake.
Sensei, Can you please help us?
Come on! Sensei! It is time to push forward together with us, the "Pandemonium Society!
Ibuki appears! Sensei, thanks for waiting!
Ahh... yeah, understood.
It's annoying, but...well, it's something I have to do.
Analysis complete. Weaknesses identified.
Brace yourselves! You rule-breakers!
Leave the medical support to us.
Sensei, you do know how pricy it is to hire me, right?
Fufu~, You need my help, don't you?
The Handymen would probably welcome you, Sensei.
Yes! I'll erase everything!
Shall we go on an adventure together in search of the ultimate taste?
Sensei! You're really treating me to dinner, aren't you?
Talents? Of Course, It's Eating... Maybe!
Shall we wait until we've already eaten?
Sorry to keep you waiting! The School Lunch Club has arrived!
Will this help me to make more delicious meal?
Bring the corp...no, bring the wounded over here
You're in my way...You don't know what's going to happen right?
It's hot spring development time!!
Yozakura Kirara, ready to have fun~!
Lucky? No, it's just as calculated.
Will you journey with me into the world of reason and rationality?
Ha ha ha...! Great power...! What? Great responsibility? What is that?
Something tells me my girls are at it again...
If I win, I'll paint the best graffiti on that shield!
Now, shall we try to stir it all up?
I've figured out everything you're aiming for.
I'm going to destroy you!
Fufu~! I knew you needed me!
I'll blow it up in one shot.
Now, shall we begin? It's Cleaning Time.
I'll eliminate everything that stands in your way.
Technology Advantage is what determines its victory.
All variables have been accounted for.
It is scheduled to be a big success! Please look forward to it!
Do you want today's training to be a practical?
Oh, do you need my help?
Eimi from the Paranormal Affairs Department, on standby.
I'm an ace pilot...in the game.
It's as precise as a dot...!
I can see the Scenario to Victory!
"Fanfare" Alice joined the party.
Music is essential for a nice tea time!
This isn't so bad. At least once in a while, anyway.
Have you ever thought about shortcake?
Ehehe, you can rely more on me~
Don't underestimate me just because I'm puny! My future is going to be amazing!
Destruction! I'll destroy it!!!!
Don't hesitate. Leave it to me.
Target acquired...This distance is sufficient.
Oh, there's so much to do.
You know better than to attack an ambulance carrying the wounded! We aren't going to stand back and allow that!
Has anyone been injured? I'll be there soon.
Haha...I'm not very good at this, but pleased to meet you.
Even if everything is in vain, I will keep on struggling...
Why do I have it...Ugh, shut up!
As expected of Sensei, you're amazing......!
I'll start to patrol this area.
To those who seek justice, there is...me. Yes, I am the superstar Reisa Uzawa, I am here to see you!
Can...can I go home now?
This book contains all wisdom from around the world.
May grace be with you all.
If you are having a hard time, you can turn to me for help.
We'll figure it out...? Right...?
I will be sure to share the various attractions of Hyakkiyako with Sensei.
I'm not sure, but it's nice to win!
Captain Kirigiri's name is not just for fun!
This is my strategy...so I'll be in the lead.
Yukari, an elite of the Hyakkaryouran, has arrived!
Oh! Welcome back, Sensei! Nyan Nyan!(Yeah, Perfect.)
Fufu, you need me, don't you? Isn't that right?
I came rushing over when I heard that there was going to be a festival! Is that... is that wrong?
Thanks for the hard work, Sensei. Can I go to sleep already?
I'm still a rookie, but I will show you the results of my training...
Dashing in a pinch! Here I come!
How was it? That's the power of our Ninjutsu Research Club!
I'll present you "Izuna-Style Ninjutsu!"
I'll do... my best...! To fulfill my wish... of becoming a splendid ninja...!
Mmmmmmmm...Well then, let's get started, shall we?
Let's catch the sparks alone. -That's the best way.
Great, great. Everyone did well!
Please don't call me Kokona-chan. I'm not a little kid.
Ahem... Well, since you need my expertise...!
Who's hungry?
It's time for everyone to fulfill their obligations!
Hmm, don't you think Chairman Cherino's beard is cute?
Ladies!, I will take the lead.
If you need civil engineering, construction, or removal...engineering work, call us anytime. Revolutions and strikes are even more welcome at...!
Oh? I have a feeling of a story...!
Oh,...! Riba is a wicked way to go!
The enemy will not be missed!
Well then...let's cheer up
You've probably heard the name "Feral Hound" at least once, right?
I will devote myself to the safety of Kivotos!
Troublesome...
This is RABBIT 1, we will now begin operations.
RABBIT 2, arrive on site.
This is RABBIT 3, where is the next bombing site?
This is RABBIT4...Um, did you just call me?
In the name of paradise, we, Arius, will pass judgement onto you bastards.
This hatred we've carried for as long as we can remember... it's not ours.
E-ehehe... This is the most that I can do, after all......
Towards vanity, there lies no answer. But even so...
I'm gonna make this even more fun!
Not at all...You still do a lot of things here.
Hmm, what should I do? Oh, we're talking about this one?
I'll do my best!